Adds PR review skill and checklist for pull request evaluations (#7227)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: .github/skills/pr-review/references/pr-checklist.md

# PR Checklist

## General guidelines

- Ensure the build passes.

> - Achieve 100% code coverage.

Reviewer: Maybe an additional rule: no ESLint errors.

Author: We could even abstract it away to `npm test` passes without errors, so that we don't need to change it if we update the testing process.

Author: Addressed in the latest commit.

Author: Done.

- The submission should match the specification.
- Maintain a single commit, or squash multiple commits.
- Use single quotes `' '` for strings.
- If submitting a sample, ensure it is properly formatted and indented.

## Coding standards

- Command options should follow the naming convention (kebab-case for CLI flags).
- The command should have a correct name.
- The command name added to `commands.ts` should be placed so that commands are sorted alphabetically.
- The command class is named following the pattern `[Service][Command]Command`. For example, `SpoWebRemoveCommand`.
- Verify the command works as expected.
- List commands must have readable output in `text` mode, with each item fitting in one row of 130 characters preferably.

> - Command telemetry must not track Personally Identifiable Information (PII).

Reviewer: This rule is obsolete and can be removed; let's remove it from the docs as well.

Author: Why is not tracking PII obsolete?

Reviewer: Telemetry is managed centrally; it's not really part of the command implementation anymore when using Zod, right? So a contributor shouldn't bother anymore about telemetry tracking.

Author: Fair enough

Author: Addressed in the latest commit.

Author: Done.

- Avoid commented-out code and usage of `any` types, preferring specific types.
- Remove commands should include a `force` option.
- For bug fixes, include a test for the fixed use case.
- Avoid unnecessary retrieval of form digest.
- Handle failed promises properly when `responseType: 'json'` is used by using `handleRejectedODataJsonPromise`.
- Escape user input in XML and URLs.
- Verbose and debug outputs are logged to stdErr (`logger.logToStderr` instead of `logger.log`).
- Do not do conditional output in JSON output mode; use `defaultProperties` for defining default properties.

> - For commands with multiple options where the user is required to choose one, define these options using an `optionSet` without specific validation logic in the command's validate method.

Reviewer: Option sets don't exist anymore in Zod, let's remove it and let's also remove it from the docs.

Author: Done - replaced with 'custom Zod validation' wording.

Author: Addressed in the latest commit.

Author: Done.

- Use `async/await` instead of `promise/then`.
- When working with `spo` commands, use `GetFileByServerRelativePath` and `GetFolderByServerRelativePath` API endpoint instead of `GetFileByServerRelativeUrl` and `GetFolderByServerRelativeUrl`.
- All tests must pass.

## Documentation

> - Include an md help page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Include an `mdx` help page.
```

Author: Done.

Author: Addressed in the latest commit.

Author: Done.

> - Reference the md help page in the table of contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reference the `mdx` help page in the sidebar navigation.
```

Author: Done.

Author: Addressed in the latest commit.

Author: Done.

- Start all code samples with `m365`.
- Ensure samples use long names of options rather than short ones.
- Include the marker to incorporate global options rather than listing them explicitly.

> - Check for no warnings when building docs (lines that begin with `WARNING - `).

Reviewer: I think this is something from MkDocs. Never really saw Docusaurus doing such things.

Author: Ack, let's remove it

Author: Addressed in the latest commit.

Author: Done.

> - If there is an option modifying the output, include responses for both default and modified output.

Reviewer: Maybe we could add an additional check:

- For a command page, ensure it includes the following sections: title, description, usage, options, examples, permissions, and response. In some cases remarks sections are also allowed.

Author: Good idea, will add

Author: Addressed in the latest commit.

Author: Done.
